# 07 March 2019

[Zulip thread.](https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/136281-t-lang.2Fwg-unsafe-code-guidelines/topic/meeting-2019-03-07)

The discussion focused on the status of the validity invariant
discussion. We talked about [where discussion was getting stuck, and
how we might reframe things to make progress][link1]. In particular,
we discussed the idea of [trying to make a "group summary
comment"][link2] that documents the trade-offs found so far, and in
particular thought about doing it via a [Dropbox Paper
document][link3]. **We could use help here!**

We also discussed [getting the repo working with GH pages][link4] and the [need to review the 
array layout PR][link5].


[link1]: https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/136281-t-lang.2Fwg-unsafe-code-guidelines/topic/meeting-2019-03-07/near/160213135
[link2]: https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/136281-t-lang.2Fwg-unsafe-code-guidelines/topic/meeting-2019-03-07/near/160213850
[link3]: https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/136281-t-lang.2Fwg-unsafe-code-guidelines/topic/meeting-2019-03-07/near/160214503
[link4]: https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/136281-t-lang.2Fwg-unsafe-code-guidelines/topic/meeting-2019-03-07/near/160214959
[link5]: https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/136281-t-lang.2Fwg-unsafe-code-guidelines/topic/meeting-2019-03-07/near/160215250
